README.md, before:

# No To Paid Software in The World of Photography
The aim of this project is to create a software tool that allows large-scale image editing in a <b> free and practical way. </b>

# Description

This project stands out for its simplicity and practicality, being easy to use for any type of user.
Simply select an image from your computer's memory, apply settings such as brightness and contrast, and save the applied settings. From there, you can edit multiple images in a matter of seconds with a single click.


# Features

1. Import an image as an example and edit parameters such as brightness and contrast.
2. Save the same settings applied to the sample image.
3. Select an entire folder from the computer's memory and apply the same settings.
4. Create a folder inside the original folder with all the edited photos!

# Libraries Used

Pillow - (https://pypi.org/project/pillow/) 

Open CV - (https://pypi.org/project/opencv-python/)

Tkinter - (https://pypi.org/project/tkinter-page/)

Pathlib - (https://pypi.org/project/pathlib/)



<hr> 
<div align = 'center'> <h2> &copy; Eliezer Carvalho | All Rights Reserved | August 2025 </h2> </div>

Commit message:

FinalVersion
Updated README to enhance project description and features.

README.md, after:

<div align = 'center'> <h1> Software is like sex: It's better when it's free! - <b> Linus Torvalds </b> </h1> </div>

# Description

Imagine an ecosystem capable of editing and converting images quickly and efficiently, allowing users to process multiple files in seconds. 
<b> This is the main objective of this project. </b>

The <i> Bulk Image Editor </i> and <i> Bulk Image Converter </i> applications offer a practical and affordable alternative to the paid photo editing programmes that predominate on the internet, combining simplicity, speed, and efficiency in a single integrated system.


# Bulk Image Converter

This is a simple software that allows you to convert images in the most common formats: JPG, PNG, TIFF, and RAW.

You can convert multiple photos from a folder at once.


1. Select a folder from your computer;
2. Select the desired format;
3. Done! All photos in a folder are converted to the desired format!



# Bulk Image Editor

With regard to the ecosystem, this software, similar to the previous one, allows you to convert settings such as brightness and contrast for all photos in a folder.

1. Select a photo from your computer;
2. Select the brightness and contrast desired;
4. Click the button to save the changes applied to the photo;
5. Select the folder you want to edit the photos;
4. Done! All photos in a folder are edited to the desired brightness and contrast!



# Libraries Used

Rawpy - (https://pypi.org/project/rawpy/)

Pillow - (https://pypi.org/project/pillow/) 

Open CV - (https://pypi.org/project/opencv-python/)

Tkinter - (https://pypi.org/project/tkinter-page/)

Pathlib - (https://pypi.org/project/pathlib/)



<hr> 
<div align = 'center'> <h2> &copy; Eliezer Carvalho | All Rights Reserved | August 2025 </h2> </div>
